[.NET 9 rc1] Add docs for configuring .NET install search behaviour in published apphost (#42397)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

The following MSBuild properties are documented in this section:

- [AppHostDotNetSearch](#apphostdotnetsearch)
- [AppHostRelativeDotNet](#apphostrelativedotnet)
- [EnableComHosting](#enablecomhosting)
- [EnableDynamicLoading](#enabledynamicloading)

> ### AppHostDotNetSearch

Reviewer: I think it is "6 of 1 ..." This setting feels a bit more specific/niche than the other settings, so I think that hosting is fine. Either way ...

The `AppHostDotNetSearch` property configures how [the native executable](../deploying/index.md#produce-an-executable) produced for an application will search for a .NET installation. This property only impacts the executable produced on publish, not build.

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <AppHostDotNetSearch>Global</AppHostDotNetSearch>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> The following table list valid values. Multiple values can be specified, separated by semi-colons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists valid values. You can specify multiple values, separated by semi-colons.
```

| Value | Meaning |
| --- | --- |
| `AppLocal` | App executable's folder |
| `AppRelative` | Path relative to the app executable as specified by [AppHostRelativeDotNet](#apphostrelativedotnet) |
| `EnvironmentVariables` | Value of [`DOTNET_ROOT[_<arch>]`](../tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md#dotnet_root-dotnet_rootx86-dotnet_root_x86-dotnet_root_x64) environment variables |
| `Global` | [Registered](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/install-locations.md#global-install-to-custom-location) and [default](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/install-locations.md#global-install-to-default-location) global install locations |

This property was introduced in .NET 9.

### AppHostRelativeDotNet

> The `AppHostRelativeDotNet` allows specifying a relative path for the app executable to look for the .NET install when it is [configured to do so](#apphostdotnetsearch). Setting the `AppHostRelativeDotNet` property implies that [`AppHostDotNetSearch`](#apphostdotnetsearch) is `AppRelative`. This property only impacts the executable produced on publish, not build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `AppHostRelativeDotNet` property allows specifying a relative path for the app executable to look for the .NET installation when it's [configured to do so](#apphostdotnetsearch). Setting the `AppHostRelativeDotNet` property implies that [`AppHostDotNetSearch`](#apphostdotnetsearch) is `AppRelative`. This property only impacts the executable produced on publish, not build.
```
